README.md, before:

# LEOBSST - Software developer

<p align="center">
  <a href="README.md">🇬🇧</a>
  <a href="README_fr.md">🇫🇷</a>
</p>

- 💻 Full-stack software developer in web and mobile technologies with API.
- 📊 Progress and learning new things are what motivate me.
- 🦾 I never shy away from a challenge, always ready to surpass myself!

I love discovering new things every day, the digital world is so exciting and interesting. Imagination can be endless and limitless. Every new line of code written in the world is another step towards technological innovation, whether it's relevant or not. I thrive on the knowledge the world can bring us, and the satisfaction we get when we succeed in our projects. So do as I do, don't be afraid of the unknown and dive into the great world of IT!

## My projects

My experience and skills have enabled me to carry out projects such as:

- [Links](https://linksly.fr): Create your own public page with all your most important links and social networks, plus a link shortener.
- [MonopolyBank](https://monopolybank.leobsst.fr): Tired of losing your monopoly bills? This web application lets you play with your friends simply using your phones, so you don't have to use bills for your parties.
- DogZenParadise: A simple blog site for a canine hydrotherapy reeducation company with a fresh, homemade CMS.
- [Flux de flammes](https://www.fluxdeflammes.fr/): A Simple blog site for an energetician, with a fresh, homemade CMS.
- [Messagers chuchoteurs](https://messagerschuchoteurs.com/): A Simple blog site for an energetician, with a fresh, homemade CMS.

## Skills

<img align="right" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=LEOBSST&show_icons=true&hide=prs&theme=tokyonight" />

- **Languages**: PHP, JavaScript, Typescript, Python, Javan, HTML (Just kidding, it's not a programming language) :)
- **Frameworks**: Symfony, Laravel, Ionic.
- **Libraries**: Angular, React, VueJS
- **Frameworks utility-fist CSS**: TailwindCSS, Bootstrap (please stop using it!)
- **Databases**: MariaDB
- **Tools**: Git, Docker, Vite, Figma
- Server management

Commit message:

Add Satis Manager project to README

README.md, after:

# LEOBSST - Software developer

<p align="center">
  <a href="README.md">🇬🇧</a>
  <a href="README_fr.md">🇫🇷</a>
</p>

- 💻 Full-stack software developer in web and mobile technologies with API.
- 📊 Progress and learning new things are what motivate me.
- 🦾 I never shy away from a challenge, always ready to surpass myself!

I love discovering new things every day, the digital world is so exciting and interesting. Imagination can be endless and limitless. Every new line of code written in the world is another step towards technological innovation, whether it's relevant or not. I thrive on the knowledge the world can bring us, and the satisfaction we get when we succeed in our projects. So do as I do, don't be afraid of the unknown and dive into the great world of IT!

## My projects

My experience and skills have enabled me to carry out projects such as:

- [Links](https://linksly.fr): Create your own public page with all your most important links and social networks, plus a link shortener.
- [MonopolyBank](https://monopolybank.leobsst.fr): Tired of losing your monopoly bills? This web application lets you play with your friends simply using your phones, so you don't have to use bills for your parties.
- DogZenParadise: A simple blog site for a canine hydrotherapy reeducation company with a fresh, homemade CMS.
- [Flux de flammes](https://www.fluxdeflammes.fr/): A Simple blog site for an energetician, with a fresh, homemade CMS.
- [Messagers chuchoteurs](https://messagerschuchoteurs.com/): A Simple blog site for an energetician, with a fresh, homemade CMS.
- [Satis Manager](https://github.com/leobsst/satis-manager): A private composer repository managed by Satis powered with the Laravel Framework.

## Skills

<img align="right" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=LEOBSST&show_icons=true&hide=prs&theme=tokyonight" />

- **Languages**: PHP, JavaScript, Typescript, Python, Javan, HTML (Just kidding, it's not a programming language) :)
- **Frameworks**: Symfony, Laravel, Ionic.
- **Libraries**: Angular, React, VueJS
- **Frameworks utility-fist CSS**: TailwindCSS, Bootstrap (please stop using it!)
- **Databases**: MariaDB
- **Tools**: Git, Docker, Vite, Figma
- Server management
